tell us where we are this will be the
elevator at the DS in orange ave Roanoke
Virginia the rear elevator which is that
nice timing for Brad looking at us and
he painted it Orange
yeah they painted it and they put
security cameras in here which i think
is a good touch I wonder what kind of
elevator they have there's a security
camera and look who it is look who it is
that's right do you remember this one
I love that genocide that's right
it's a go
a champion for door yeah this month and
they painted this one green this one's
green - I'll hold the door don't open
that phone box because they're super
flies off high low just kind of shot
from all right ready to go I'm gonna let
the door close so we can get a motor
start up when we push the one all right
wait a second all right
well it's a bit of a drop
she's my cellmate every level that they
get green everywhere I hate to say but
they kind of did a terrible job on
painting this door
still it nice elevator if there's candy
card yesterday see here we are one and
yeah look at the painting come in a
little bit better but still the elevator
is nice my table alright of course we
are here about the free
here are three lights do a little bit of
crossword
oh yes that butterfly butterfly then you
can turn the background one if you want
oh yeah how do I get candy for this side
yeah I can see the indicator and the
bodies was still in my shoulder I do
like to sell it and look in the corner
look at how dirty it is up in the far
right corner gonna have dirty that is
that is that's for more the fair hands
down 2,000 pound me personally this is
clearly the seventies see if the chat a
little bit not too much
we're at Target C closure
there's no strings that's it